## External Interface Requirements
### 3.1 User Interfaces

We have a web application with a menu displayed in the top of the web page and we will access to the sections by clicking on the buttons. The different sections provided in the menu are:

* Login and profile
* General information : feeding schedule, list of food that the pet can it, list of restrictions, time to go for a walk, etc.
* Medical history
* Friends
* Multimedia


### 3.2 Hardware Interfaces

The hardware products we need are:

* Smartphone, tablet, computer or similar, where we can use the Application Web

* Optional: camera or smartphone that we can use to take photos, videos, audios, etc.


### 3.3 Software Interfaces

Data base where we can store the data for the identification of a user, the feeding schedules, list of restrictions, multimedia resources, medical history, relationship with other animals, etc.

We also need to provide a way of connecting our database with social media (instagram).


### 3.4 Communications Interfaces

The user will login in the Application Web with a e-mail, or with a phone number. 

## System Features

### 4.1 Autentification

* 4.1.1   Description and Priority

    The user will enter a name account and a password, if they are right the app will be initializated and if they are wrong we will have an error message. High priority
* 4.1.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system asks for a username and a password
    * The user enters a password
    1. If the credentials are right, initialize the app
    2. If the credentials are wrong, show a error message 

* 4.1.3   Functional Requirements

    * checkUser
    * initializeApp
    * errorMessage

### 4.2 Show profile

* 4.2.1   Description and Priority

    Show the profile of the user, where the user can see the name of their pet, the username, the password and the e-mail/number phone associated. Low priority

* 4.2.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system list the information we have about the profile

* 4.2.3   Functional Requirements

    * showProfile

### 4.3 Modify profile

* 4.3.1   Description and Priority

    Modify the pet name, the username, the password or the e-mail/number phone associated. Low priority

* 4.3.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system list the information we have about the profile
    * The user show which information want to change
    * The user change the information
    1. If the new information is right, save it.
    2. If the new information is wrong, show a error message

* 4.3.3   Functional Requirements

    * modifyProfile
    * errorMessage




### 4.4 Show feeding schedule

* 4.4.1   Description and Priority

    Show the feeding schedule of the pet. Medium priority.

* 4.4.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system list the feeding schedule

* 4.4.3   Functional Requirements

    * showFeedingSchedule


### 4.5 Create feeding schedule

* 4.5.1   Description and Priority

    Create the feeding schedule of the pet. Medium priority.

* 4.5.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system show the fields that the user needs to fill.
    * The user fills the fields and press the button save.
    1. If the data is right save it in the database
    2. If the data is wrong show a error message

* 4.5.3   Functional Requirements

    * createFeedingSchedule
    * errorMessage

### 4.6 Modify feeding schedule

* 4.6.1   Description and Priority

    Modify the feeding schedule of the pet. Medium priority.

* 4.6.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system show the feeding schedule.
    * The user change the fields and press the button save.
    1. If the data is right save it in the database
    2. If the data is wrong show a error message

* 4.6.3   Functional Requirements

    * showFeedingSchedule
    * createFeedingSchedule
    * errorMessage


### 4.7 Create list of food

* 4.7.1   Description and Priority

    Create the list of food the pet can eat. Medium priority.

* 4.7.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system show the empty fields that the user needs to fill.
    * The user fills the fields and press the button save.
    1. If the data is right save it in the database
    2. If the data is wrong show a error message

* 4.7.3   Functional Requirements

    * createListFood
    * errorMessage

### 4.8 Modify list of food

* 4.8.1   Description and Priority

    Modify the list of food the pet can eat. Medium priority.

* 4.8.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system show the list of food the pet can eat.
    * The user change the fields and press the button save.
    1. If the data is right save it in the database
    2. If the data is wrong show a error message

* 4.8.3   Functional Requirements

    * showListFood
    * modifyListFood
    * errorMessage


### 4.9 Show feeding schedule

* 4.9.1   Description and Priority

    Show the list of food the pet can eat. Medium priority.

* 4.9.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system list the list of food

* 4.9.3   Functional Requirements

    * showListFood

### 4.10 Create walk schedule

* 4.10.1   Description and Priority

    Create the schedule for going for a walk. Medium priority.

* 4.10.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system show the empty fields that the user needs to fill.
    * The user fills the fields and press the button save.
    1. If the data is right save it in the database
    2. If the data is wrong show a error message

* 4.10.3   Functional Requirements

    * createWalkSchedule
    * errorMessage


### 4.11 Modify walk schedule

* 4.11.1   Description and Priority

    Modify the walk schedule. Medium priority.

* 4.11.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system show the schedule for walking.
    * The user change the fields and press the button save.
    1. If the data is right save it in the database
    2. If the data is wrong show a error message

* 4.11.3   Functional Requirements

    * showWalkSchedule
    * modifyWalkSchedule
    * errorMessage


### 4.12 Show walk schedule

* 4.12.1   Description and Priority

    Show the walk schedule of the pet. Medium priority.

* 4.12.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system list the walk schedule

* 4.12.3   Functional Requirements

    * showWalkSchedule


### 4.13 Show medical History

* 4.13.1   Description and Priority

    Show the medical history of the pet. Medium priority.

* 4.13.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system list the medical history

* 4.13.3   Functional Requirements

    * showMedicalHistory

### 4.14 Accept invitation

* 4.14.1   Description and Priority

    Add a new friend into our list of friends. Low priority.

* 4.14.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The user accept an invitation to be friends
    * The system add the new friend into the friends list

* 4.14.3   Functional Requirements

    * addFriend

### 4.15 Send invitation

* 4.15.1   Description and Priority

    Send an invitation to a friend. Low priority.

* 4.15.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The user send an invitation to another friend.

* 4.15.3   Functional Requirements

    * sendInvitation


### 4.16 Show friends

* 4.16.1   Description and Priority

   Show the list of friends. Low priority.

* 4.16.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system shows the list of friends

* 4.16.3   Functional Requirements

    * showFriends


### 4.17 Save multimedia

* 4.17.1   Description and Priority

   Save a new multimedia file. Medium priority

* 4.17.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The user upload a new file and press save
    * The system saves the file in the database

* 4.17.3   Functional Requirements

    * saveMultimedia

### 4.18 Delete multimedia

* 4.18.1   Description and Priority

   Delete a multimedia file. Medium priority

* 4.18.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system shows the files
    * The user select the file they want to delete
    * The system delete the file from the database

* 4.18.3   Functional Requirements

    * showMultimedia
    * deleteMultimedia

### 4.19 Show multimedia

* 4.19.1   Description and Priority

   Show the multimedia files. Medium priority

* 4.19.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system shows the files

* 4.19.3   Functional Requirements

    * showMultimedia

### 4.20 Connect to social media

* 4.20.1   Description and Priority

   Connect to social media (instagram) the multimedia files we have in the App Web. Low priority

* 4.20.2   Stimulus/Response Sequences

    * The system ask for the user and the password
    * The user fills the fields
    * The system access to the social media

* 4.20.3   Functional Requirements

    * connectSocialMedia